# Tasks

- **Image Segmentation**: Use edge detection and region segmentation on an image containing scattered Indian coins.

- **Panorama Creation**: Detect key points in overlapping images, and create a panorama by stitching the images together.

# Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repository in your desired directory.

2. Go to the root directory of project and install the required dependencies using

    ```pip install -r requirements.txt```

3. The <b>Images</b> folder contains the input images used by the Python programs. The <b>Output</b> folder contains the output images that are generated by the Python programs.

4. The report contains the implementation details and the outputs.

# Running the Code

## 1. Image Segmentation

- Run the Python file <b>Part1.py</b> using 
    
    ```python Part1.py```

- The result of edge detection and region segmentation will be displayed. The same will also be saved inside the <b>Output</b> directory.

- The number of coins detected will be displayed on the terminal. Each individual coin's
portion is extracted from the original image and saved in the <b>Output</b> directory.

## 2. Panorama Creation

- Run the Python file <b>Part2.py</b> using

    ```python Part2.py```

- For all the three input images, the keypoints will be displayed one by one. Press any key on the keyboard to view the keypoints of the next image.

- Next, the matches between the keypoints of adjacent images are shown. Press any key on the keyboard to view the next image.

- At the end, the stitched panorama will be displayed.

- The images with keypoints highlighted, matching keypoints, and the panorama will get saved in the <b>Output</b> directory.
